all right it's all right you guys can
relax sorry I really just calm down
listen to you and the fourth row fourth
one over from the left-hand side you
just can it right now right look my
name's Ranger Bob everything's under
control now okay you guys can just
settle down sit down on your seats relax
okay I got it all under control here
okay I got it all out of control lesson
mimes Ranger Bob I work here for the
national parks Forest Service and uh
well we caught him I know you guys were
wondering what all the alarms were floor
we we got him it was a I don't someone
who's bearing bad fruit if you will and
I'm a fruit inspector we have the
perpetrator in the back of I up my squad
car right now just want to let you know
gang if you try and break the law by
burying bad fruit we're gonna take you
downtown we're gonna put the cuffs on
you kids cups like these we're gonna
cuff here we're gonna take you downtown
okay so just take it from me Ranger Bob
you want to be bearing bad fruit now
let's just go over what we found here on
the individual you're trying to run
through here in the backwoods area
trying to run away course I track him
down I have cat-like reflexes I also
know six different martial arts they'll
mess okay all right don't mess anyways
listen well what we did is this
individual supposedly you know said he
was bearing good fruit well lo and
behold yeah we found this on them it's
an apple it's not even really ripe Apple
it's an apple look kids if you want to
be bearing good fruit ok don't be
actually bearing fruit ok gonna be
carrying fruit on you what happened to
like love patience kindness gentleness
huh anybody ring a bell here on days huh
come on bear with me here ok look don't
be coming in here with any of these
rinky-dink apples ok big ones or small
ones makes no difference don't be
bringing them nothing if you're gonna be
bearing good fruit how about love let's
just start with love ok also found this
on the individual this is kind of nasty
looking today a potato about you guys
but it's not even a piece of fruit
that's a vegetable so here's bearing
good vegetables I don't know what that
was about find a couple carrots not even
the big kind just a little baby carrots
that's what I think of that ok look if
you're gonna be bearing good fruit let's
try gentleness huh let's try patients
whoa there's a big one patients okay I'm
the fruit inspectors what I do don't be
getting in my face gang don't be get you
back down kid I see you okay all right
hang on got it back down my blood
pressures rising all right last but not
least up you're scaring one of these
cans of I don't know some fig generic
what tropical fruit salad come on gang
I'm a fruit inspector okay I do this all
day long this is what I do I am a fruit
inspector okay now look if you try and
bear bad fruit like that again Ranger
Bob's gonna bring you right downtown
okay gang we're gonna slap the cuffs on
you you're coming downtown with me I
think I gotta tell you twice okay I'm a
fruit inspector it's what I do okay it's
a lesson that's me Ranger Bob crisis is
averted everything's pretty much taken
care of here you guys can go back to
your thing there that you guys were
doing enough talk about whatever was you
were talking about but if you try
bearing some bad fruit gang I'm gonna
tell you I'm gonna be all up in your
grill can I say grill we allowed to say
grow while I said it so they're all
right guys Ranger Bob want to go over to
the squad car right now and write out a
ticket for him for Baron bad fruit I'm
out of here should be bringing no bed
fruit in this house all right all right
you